Update License file with information about Redis and Valkey licenses (#65)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/license.md

---
title: "Valkey license"
linkTitle: "License"
weight: 5
description: >
    License and trademark information
aliases:
    - /topics/license
---

* Valkey is **open source software** released under the terms of the **three clause BSD license**. Most of the Valkey source code was written by Salvatore Sanfilippo and Pieter Noordhuis. A list of other contributors can be found in the git history.

* Valkey is based on the formerly open source Redis, as it was before the
  license of Redis was changed to one that is not open source.
  Read more about this in the [History of Valkey](history.md).
  Redis is a trademark of Redis Ltd. Whenever we use the name Redis in the

>   Valkey documentation, we trying our best to use in accordance with the

Reviewer: grammar issue there on "we trying"

Author: ```suggestion
  Valkey documentation, we're trying our best to use it in accordance with the
```

  [Redis Trademark Guidelines](https://redis.com/legal/trademark-guidelines/).

## Licences:

### Three clause BSD license

> Every file in the Valkey distribution, with the exceptions of third party files

Reviewer: "with the exception" (singular)

Author: ```suggestion
Every file in the Valkey distribution, with the exception of third party files
```
